Tell me again who they were. This is just for captions.
That's a... yeah, well...
Well, he's William Benjamin. He used to be a shepherd at Glen Hyarin.
Yeah.
That's Pugh Gwadoli, Tommy Pugh, Thomas Pugh Gwadoli Farm.
Yes, yes.
By the dead over there.
I would know them all, definitely, but I can't quite see it plain enough, really.
Erm...
I don't know...
Really, what it is, either.
He looks like...
Is that a... oh, it's faces they've got there.
Yeah, yeah, that's the... she had it with hands, eh?
And she had them on the bench, and there's the wall coming down here,
and then you get something to put up.
These are what Chappell takes to side around.
Oh, very important.
Yeah, you know, once or twice in the morning, once or twice in the afternoon.
See, there you go.
Very magnifying glass, you can bring those out, I might know.
Have we got a magnifying glass?
And that, but... oh, God, what I want to see.
This is a man, that's John Davies, the hermit.
Ah, yeah, is that...
John Davies, that would be...
Tudor's grandfather, would it?
That's right.
They were good men and true, weren't they?
Oh, that's it, well, that's from who?
Well, that's photo 12, is it?
Yes.
Yeah, John Davies, the hermit, that's right.
Yes, because I think S1 came from Mary Connolly, the Morgan.
Do you know, I thought it was... it's Nana Throod, I think, to share in it.
Yes, yes, it is, because...
Oh, that's right, I used to go there as a kid myself.
They used to live... they used to live in that house there, behind you.
And then they moved to Nana Throod, the Morgans.
Who did?
That's... that's Goodolly House, yeah?
Yes, but that's where they moved from.
Well, I never...
They lived there and they moved to there.
Well, that must have been a very long time ago.
19... she reckons 1940.
Because that... Tommy Pugh, him there, lived at that house.
Mm.
When is it, 1914, is it?
1914.
Hugh Goodolly, he was from... a son from Batalloch.
Which house is that?
There's one brother here, there's one brother at Abergoogie, one brother at Batalloch.
That's Goodolly House, that is.
Do you know who... who lived in Goodolly? Where Martin Pugh used to live.
Yes, yes, and my friend Rosanne lived in the Goodolly Hall.
Yes, she lived... yes, that's right.
Yes, yes, they lived there, round the corner.
She lived in the cottage at the back.
That's right, yes, yes.
Does it tell you, David, who they are?
Where now?
Does it tell you what the pictures are?
No, that one relates to this picture.
Oh, that's an old one.
Oh, I see.
Right house.
That's before me.
This is from Jill Richardson, her great-grandfather.
Oh, you've got something up there, yeah.
Yes, that's all about Ellen Valley.
He was Daniel Henry Edwards and he helped run the shop up at Ellen Valley.
Oh, I see.
And Hughes has run the shop, a little shop up there by the Devil's Gulch, they call it now or something.
This was Morgan's as well.
Oh, that's Nana's house, yes.
That's the Morgan's at Nanafield.
Yes.
Because that's Mary Connolly's dad.
Oh, Ruben, I see, yes.
And her granddad.
Well, good, you're a little sweet.
Oh, Jesus me.
He's died, Mike, isn't he?
Good Lord.
Oh, dear, they should have come here at 9 o'clock this morning.
Oh, never mind.
They'll have a little game.
Yes.
God, gracious me.
I know him.
Well, it looks like Garonry Davis, John Less's, the relation of John Less, which I know, they just hedged in some mountain.
What might, Bert Morgan, with salmon across the sea, good Lord.
Good Lord.
I think that could be Garonry Davis.
Well, Rita Qualley, that's Sir Kinsey Morgan, yeah, of course, well, you know that, Jill.
Yes, I know.
And Short, the man shouldn't name her Short.
He was the secretary.
Good Lord, yes.
And I remember Kinsey Morgan.
Fred Buffton, yeah, Fred Buffton, yeah.
He looked a bit familiar.
Gosh, there are a lot of people there.
Are we remembering?
I remember Kinsey Morgan becoming the high sheriff.
Oh, yeah, Kinsey was a big man.
And all the children in Rattner Shire, all the children in Rattner Shire, they were all very good people.
And all the children in Rattner Shire had a brand new, bright, shiny, I think it was a shilling.
Good creation.
Everybody had a shilling.
Yes, when he became high sheriff.
Yeah, and then I remember him.
Jack George, the Slytherin's and Taman.
Oh, look.
Good Lord, yes.
I know a few of those, yeah.
Fred Buffton, this is a winning street.
He was a driver, was he? Did he drive for the...
Yeah, he used to drive a lot.
Yeah, yeah.
He was in an accident with John Humphries's brother.
Yeah, that was a tragedy.
Yeah, he ran into the back of Fred Buffton.
Down the road and he had had a Fred, yeah.
Oh, gosh.
Waiting down here.
I remember waiting down here in the film.
What was that?
About 1920, oh.
Pengraig, yes.
Well, that would be more Newbridge way, I suppose.
Markhamerade, it's a little bit Newbridge anyway.
There's a little bit of Pengraig in this.
Yeah, yeah.
Um...
Oh, Pengraig again.
Right.
Reeds is there.
The chapel of Dillon Valley.
Lovely, yes.
Oh, that's...
down about Llandle Tholay for that, isn't it?
And then there's the corner shop, of course.
Yeah.
Do you remember Mrs. Griffiths?
Yes, yes.
Molly Griffiths, wasn't it?
Yes, that's right.
Yeah, my mum used to speak highly of her.
John, hello.